This is a text file for us to put our plan for the game, and any other resources in.

W9 Teach document: https://byui-cse.github.io/cse210-course-competency/polymorphism/teach-one-another.html
Game specifications: https://byui-cse.github.io/cse210-course-competency/polymorphism/materials/cycle-specification.html

Overview
Cycle is a game where the players try to cut each other off using cycles that leave a trail behind them.

Rules
Cycle is played according to the following rules.

Players can move up, down, left and right...
Player one moves using the W, S, A and D keys.
Player two moves using the I, K, J and L keys.
Each player's trail grows as they move.
Players try to maneuver so the opponent collides with their trail.
If a player collides with their opponent's trail...
    A "game over" message is displayed in the middle of the screen.
    The cycles turn white.
    Players keep moving and turning but don't run into each other.

Requirements
The program must also meet the following requirements.

The program must include a README file.
The program must include class and method comments.
The program must have at least 16 classes.
The program must remain true to game play described in the overview.




How Snake works:
    



Things we need to do:
    To change our Cycle game from Snake into a Cycle game: 
        We'll need a second cycle. (Added v0.005-0.006) Still kind of WIP
            We'll need the second cycle to have different keys associated with moving. (Finished v0.005)
            We'll need to change the colors of the cycles. (Finished v0.007)
            We need to enable collision for the second cycle. (Finished v0.009)
            We need to change the color for the second cycle on game over. (Finished v0.009)
                What we could do for this is keep the winner colored, and the loser white.  (Finished v0.009)
            We need to change the starting position of the second cycle to the other side of the screen. (Finished v0.008)

            It would be good to have the cycles start going up and or down. (Finished. v0.008?)

        We'll need to make the cycles grow according to time or distance rather than by collecting fruit. (Added v0.009)
        We'll need to make sure that a player can die to their opponent's tail. (Finished v0.009)
        Game over is already incorporated. The base cycle turns white. The second cycle doesn't turn white. (Finished v0.009?)

        

        We currently have 18/16 classes. (v0.013)

        Known errors:
        Maybe not an error, but blue has writing priority over red, which is a bit interesting.
